en_old de_alt
en_new de_neu
en_smart de_klug
en_intelligent de_intelligent
en_hard de_schwer
en_difficult de_schwierig
en_happy de_glcklich
en_cheerful de_frhlich
en_hard de_schwer
en_easy de_leicht
en_fast de_schnell
en_rapid de_rasant
en_happy de_glcklich
en_glad de_freudig
en_short de_kurz
en_long de_lang
en_stupid de_dumm
en_dumb de_bld
en_weird de_sonderbar
en_strange de_eigentmlich
en_wide de_weit
en_narrow de_eng
en_bad de_schlecht
en_awful de_schrecklich
en_easy de_leicht
en_difficult de_schwierig
en_old de_schlecht
en_new de_furchtbar
en_hard de_schwer
en_simple de_einfach
en_smart de_klug
en_dumb de_bld
en_insane de_wahnsinnig
en_crazy de_verrckt
en_happy de_glcklich
en_mad de_irre
en_large de_gro
en_huge de_riesig
en_hard de_hart
en_tough de_zh
en_new de_neu
en_fresh de_frisch
en_sharp de_scharf
en_dull de_stumpf
en_quick de_rasch
en_rapid de_rasant
en_dumb de_bld
en_foolish de_tricht
en_wonderful de_wunderbar
en_terrific de_fantastisch
en_strange de_eigentmlich
en_odd de_seltsam
en_happy de_glcklich
en_angry de_rgerlich
en_narrow de_eng
en_broad de_breit
en_simple de_einfach
en_easy de_leicht
en_old de_alt
en_fresh de_frisch
en_apparent de_offentkundig
en_obvious de_offensichtlich
en_inexpensive de_preiswert
en_cheap de_billig
en_nice de_nett
en_generous de_gromtig
en_weird de_sonderbar
en_normal de_normal
en_weird de_sonderbar
en_odd de_seltsam
en_bad de_schlecht
en_immoral de_unmoralisch
en_sad de_traurig
en_funny de_lustig
en_wonderful de_wunderbar
en_great de_groartig
en_guilty de_schuldig
en_ashamed de_beschmt
en_beautiful de_schn
en_wonderful de_wunderbar
en_confident de_zuversichtlich
en_sure de_sicher
en_dumb de_bld
en_dense de_unterbelichtet
en_large de_umfangreich
en_big de_gro
en_nice de_nett
en_cruel de_grausam
en_impatient de_ungeduldig
en_anxious de_nervs
en_big de_gro
en_broad de_breit
en_strong de_stark
en_proud de_stolz
en_unnecessary de_unntig
en_necessary de_notwendig
en_restless de_rastlos
en_young de_jung
en_dumb de_bld
en_intelligent de_intelligent
en_bad de_schlecht
en_great de_groartig
en_difficult de_schwierig
en_simple de_einfach
en_necessary de_notwendig
en_important de_wichtig
en_bad de_schlecht
en_terrific de_schrecklich
en_mad de_irre
en_glad de_froh
en_honest de_ehrlich
en_guilty de_schuldig
en_easy de_leicht
en_tough de_hart
en_easy de_leicht
en_flexible de_flexibel
en_certain de_gewiss
en_sure de_sicher
en_essential de_wesentlich
en_necessary de_notwendig
en_different de_anders
en_normal de_normal
en_sly de_gerissen
en_clever de_schlau
en_crucial de_entscheidend
en_important de_wichtig
en_harsh de_harsch
en_cruel de_grausam
en_childish de_kindisch
en_foolish de_tricht
en_scarce de_selten
en_rare de_rar
en_friendly de_freundlich
en_generous de_gromtig
en_fragile de_zerbrechlich
en_frigid de_eisig
en_long de_lang
en_narrow de_schmal
en_big de_dick
en_heavy de_schwer
en_rough de_grob
en_frigid de_khl
en_bizarre de_absonderlich
en_strange de_fremdartig
en_illegal de_illegal
en_immoral de_unmoralisch
en_bad de_schlecht
en_guilty de_schuldig
en_modern de_modern
en_ancient de_antik
en_new de_neu
en_ancient de_antik
en_dull de_fade
en_funny de_lustig
en_happy de_glcklich
en_young de_jung
en_easy de_leicht
en_big de_dick
en_great de_groartig
en_awful de_schrecklich
en_tiny de_winzig
en_huge de_riesig
en_polite de_hflich
en_proper de_schicklich
en_modest de_bescheiden
en_ashamed de_beschmt
en_exotic de_exotisch
en_rare de_rar
en_dumb de_bld
en_clever de_schlau
en_delightful de_entzckend
en_wonderful de_wunderbar
en_noticeable de_auffallend
en_obvious de_offensichtlich
en_afraid de_besorgt
en_anxious de_ngstlich
en_formal de_frmlich
en_proper de_schicklich
en_dreary de_trostlos
en_dull de_fade
en_delightful de_entzckend
en_cheerful de_frhlich
en_unhappy de_unglcklich
en_mad de_irre
en_sad de_traurig
en_terrible de_furchtbar
en_sick de_krank
en_crazy de_verrckt
en_violent de_gewaltttig
en_angry de_wtend
en_laden de_belanden
en_heavy de_schwer
en_dirty de_dreckig
en_cheap de_billig
en_elastic de_elastisch
en_flexible de_flexibel
en_hard de_hart
en_dense de_dicht
en_recent de_neulich
en_new de_neu
en_bold de_khn
en_proud de_stolz
en_sly de_verschlagen
en_strange de_seltsam
en_strange de_seltsam
en_sly de_verschlagen
en_dumb de_sprachlos
en_rare de_rar
en_sly de_gerissen
en_tough de_hartnckig
en_terrific de_fantastisch
en_mad de_irre
en_modest de_beschweiden
en_flexible de_anpassungsfhig
en_fresh de_frisch
en_wide de_weit
en_huge de_riesig
en_dumb de_sprachlos
en_large de_umfangreich
en_flexible de_nachgiebig
en_dirty de_schmutzig
en_narrow de_schmal
en_wife de_ehefrau
en_husband de_ehemann
en_book de_buch
en_text de_text
en_groom de_brutigam
en_bride de_braut
en_night de_nacht
en_day de_tag
en_south de_sden
en_north de_norden
en_plane de_flugzeug
en_airport de_flughafen
en_uncle de_onkel
en_aunt de_tante
en_horse de_pferd
en_mare de_stute
en_bottom de_unterseite
en_top de_oberseite
en_friend de_freund
en_buddy de_kumpel
en_student de_student
en_pupil de_schler
en_world de_welt
en_globe de_globus
en_leg de_bein
en_arm de_arm
en_plane de_flugzeug
en_jet de_dsenflugzeug
en_woman de_frau
en_man de_mann
en_horse de_pferd
en_colt de_fohlen
en_actress de_schauspielerin
en_actor de_schauspieler
en_teacher de_lehrer
en_instructor de_ausbilder
en_movie de_film
en_film de_streifen
en_bird de_vogel
en_hawk de_habicht
en_word de_wort
en_dictionary de_wrterbuch
en_money de_geld
en_salary de_gehalt
en_dog de_hund
en_cat de_katze
en_area de_gegend
en_region de_region
en_navy de_marine
en_army de_armee
en_book de_buch
en_literature de_literatur
en_clothes de_kleider
en_closet de_schrank
en_sunset de_sonnenuntergang
en_sunrise de_sonnenaufgang
en_child de_kind
en_adult de_erwachsener
en_cow de_kuh
en_cattle de_herde
en_book de_buch
en_story de_geschichte
en_winter de_winter
en_summer de_sommer
en_taxi de_taxi
en_cab de_taxe
en_tree de_baum
en_maple de_ahorn
en_bed de_bett
en_bedroom de_schlafzimmer
en_roof de_dach
en_ceiling de_decke
en_disease de_krankheit
en_infection de_infektion
en_arm de_arm
en_shoulder de_schulter
en_sheep de_schaf
en_lamb de_lamm
en_lady de_dame
en_gentleman de_herr
en_boat de_boot
en_anchor de_anker
en_priest de_priester
en_monk de_mnch
en_toe de_zeh
en_finger de_finger
en_river de_fluss
en_stream de_strom
en_anger de_zorn
en_fury de_wut
en_date de_datum
en_calendar de_kalender
en_sea de_meer
en_ocean de_ozean
en_second de_sekunde
en_minute de_minute
en_hand de_hand
en_thumb de_daumen
en_wood de_holz
en_log de_scheit
en_mud de_schlamm
en_dirt de_schmutz
en_hallway de_flur
en_corridor de_gang
en_way de_weise
en_manner de_art
en_mouse de_maus
en_cat de_katze
en_cop de_polizist
en_sheriff de_sheriff
en_death de_tod
en_burial de_beerdigung
en_music de_musik
en_melody de_melodie
en_beer de_bier
en_alcohol de_alkohol
en_mouth de_mund
en_lip de_lippe
en_storm de_sturm
en_hurricane de_orkan
en_tax de_steuer
en_income de_einkommen
en_flower de_blume
en_violet de_veilchen
en_paper de_papier
en_cardboard de_pappe
en_floor de_boden
en_ceiling de_decke
en_beach de_strand
en_seashore de_kste
en_rod de_stange
en_curtain de_vorhang
en_hound de_jagdhund
en_fox de_fuchs
en_street de_strae
en_alley de_gasse
en_boat de_boot
en_deck de_deck
en_car de_auto
en_horn de_hupe
en_friend de_freund
en_guest de_gast
en_employer de_arbeitgeber
en_employee de_arbeitnehmer
en_hand de_hand
en_wrist de_handgelenk
en_ball de_kugel
en_cannon de_kanone
en_alcohol de_alkohol
en_brandy de_branntwein
en_victory de_sieg
en_triumph de_triumph
en_telephone de_telefon
en_booth de_zelle
en_door de_tr
en_doorway de_eingang
en_motel de_motel
en_inn de_herberge
en_clothes de_kleidung
en_cloth de_stoff
en_steak de_steak
en_meat de_fleisch
en_nail de_nagel
en_thumb de_daumen
en_band de_kapelle
en_orchestra de_orchester
en_book de_buch
en_bible de_bibel
en_business de_unternehmen
en_industry de_industrie
en_winter de_winter
en_season de_jahreszeit
en_decade de_jahrzehnt
en_century de_jahrhundert
en_alcohol de_alkohol
en_gin de_gin
en_hat de_hut
en_coat de_mantel
en_window de_fenster
en_door de_tr
en_arm de_arm
en_wrist de_gelenk
en_house de_haus
en_apartment de_wohnung
en_glass de_glass
en_crystal de_kristall
en_wine de_wein
en_brandy de_branntwein
en_creator de_schpfer
en_maker de_hersteller
en_dinner de_abendessen
en_breakfast de_frhstck
en_arm de_arm
en_muscle de_muskel
en_bubble de_blase
en_suds de_schaum
en_bread de_brot
en_flour de_mehl
en_death de_tod
en_tragedy de_tragdie
en_absence de_abwesenheit
en_presence de_anwesenheit
en_gun de_pistole
en_cannon de_kanone
en_grass de_gras
en_blade de_halm
en_ball de_ball
en_basket de_korb
en_hose de_schlauch
en_garden de_garten
en_boy de_junge
en_kid de_kind
en_church de_kirche
en_choir de_chor
en_clothes de_kleidung
en_drawer de_schublade
en_tower de_turm
en_bell de_glocke
en_father de_vater
en_parent de_elternteil
en_school de_schule
en_grade de_note
en_parent de_elternteil
en_adult de_erwachsener
en_bar de_stab
en_jail de_gefngnis
en_car de_auto
en_highway de_autobahn
en_dictionary de_wrterbuch
en_definition de_definition
en_door de_tr
en_cellar de_keller
en_army de_armee
en_legion de_legion
en_metal de_metall
en_aluminum de_aluminium
en_chair de_stuhl
en_bench de_bank
en_cloud de_wolke
en_fog de_nebel
en_boy de_junge
en_son de_sohn
en_water de_wasser
en_ice de_eisig
en_bed de_bett
en_blanket de_decke
en_attorney de_staatsanwalt
en_lawyer de_rechtsanwalt
en_area de_gebiet
en_zone de_zone
en_business de_unternehmen
en_company de_betrieb
en_clothes de_kleidung
en_fabric de_gewebe
en_sweater de_pullover
en_jacket de_jacke
en_money de_geld
en_capital de_vermgen
en_hand de_hand
en_foot de_fu
en_alcohol de_alkohol
en_cocktail de_cocktail
en_yard de_meter
en_inch de_zentimeter
en_molecule de_molekl
en_atom de_atom
en_lens de_linse
en_camera de_kamera
en_meal de_mahlzeit
en_dinner de_abendessen
en_eye de_auge
en_tear de_trne
en_god de_gott
en_devil de_teufel
en_loop de_schlaufe
en_belt de_grtel
en_rat de_ratte
en_mouse de_maus
en_motor de_motor
en_engine de_antrieb
en_car de_auto
en_cab de_taxi
en_cat de_katze
en_lion de_lwe
en_size de_gre
en_magnitude de_ausma
en_reality de_wirklichkeit
en_fantasy de_fantasie
en_door de_tre
en_gate de_tor
en_cat de_katze
en_pet de_haustier
en_tin de_blech
en_aluminum de_aluminium
en_bone de_knochen
en_jaw de_kiefer
en_cereal de_getreide
en_wheat de_weizen
en_house de_haus
en_key de_schlssel
en_blood de_blut
en_flesh de_fleisch
en_door de_tr
en_corridor de_flur
en_god de_gott
en_spirit de_geist
en_capability de_fhigkeit
en_competence de_kompetenz
en_abundance de_berschwang
en_plenty de_berfluss
en_sofa de_sofa
en_chair de_stuhl
en_wall de_mauer
en_brick de_ziegel
en_horn de_horn
en_drum de_trommel
en_organ de_organ
en_liver de_leber
en_strength de_kraft
en_might de_macht
en_phrase de_begriff
en_word de_wort
en_band de_kapelle
en_parade de_parade
en_stomach de_bauch
en_waist de_taille
en_cloud de_wolke
en_storm de_sturm
en_joy de_freude
en_pride de_stolz
en_noise de_lrm
en_rattle de_gerassel
en_rain de_regen
en_mist de_dunst
en_beer de_bier
en_beverage de_getrnk
en_man de_mann
en_uncle de_onkel
en_apple de_apfel
en_juice de_saft
en_intelligence de_intelligenz
en_logic de_logik
en_communication de_verstndigung
en_language de_sprache
en_mink de_nerz
en_fur de_pelz
en_mob de_menschenmenge
en_crowd de_gedrnge
en_shore de_ufer
en_coast de_kste
en_wire de_leitung
en_cord de_kabel
en_bird de_vogel
en_turkey de_truthahn
en_bed de_bett
en_crib de_krippe
en_competence de_befhigung
en_ability de_knnen
en_cloud de_wolke
en_haze de_dunstschleier
en_supper de_abendmahl
en_meal de_mahlzeit
en_bar de_stab
en_cage de_kfig
en_water de_wasser
en_salt de_salz
en_sense de_sinn
en_intuition de_intuition
en_situation de_lage
en_condition de_umstand
en_crime de_verbrechen
en_theft de_diebstahl
en_style de_stil
en_fashion de_mode
en_boundary de_rand
en_border de_grenze
en_arm de_arm
en_body de_krper
en_boat de_boot
en_car de_auto
en_sandwich de_sandwich
en_lunch de_mittagessen
en_bride de_braut
en_princess de_prinzessin
en_heroine de_heldin
en_hero de_held
en_car de_auto
en_gauge de_spurweite
en_insect de_insekt
en_bee de_biene
en_crib de_krippe
en_cradle de_wiege
en_animal de_tier
en_person de_person
en_marijuana de_marijuana
en_herb de_kraut
en_bed de_bett
en_hospital de_krankenhaus
en_cheek de_wange
en_tongue de_zunge
en_disc de_cd
en_computer de_computer
en_curve de_kurve
en_angle de_winkel
en_grass de_gras
en_moss de_moos
en_school de_schule
en_law de_jura
en_foot de_fu
en_head de_kopf
en_mother de_mutter
en_guardian de_beschtzerin
en_orthodontist de_kieferorthopde
en_dentist de_zahnarzt
en_alcohol de_alkohol
en_whiskey de_whiskey
en_mouth de_mund
en_tooth de_zahn
en_breakfast de_frhstck
en_bacon de_speck
en_bathroom de_bad
en_bedroom de_schlafzimmer
en_plate de_teller
en_bowl de_schale
en_meat de_fleisch
en_bacon de_speck
en_air de_luft
en_helium de_helium
en_worker de_arbeiter
en_employer de_arbeitgeber
en_body de_krper
en_chest de_brust
en_son de_sohn
en_father de_vater
en_heart de_herz
en_surgery de_operation
en_woman de_frau
en_secretary de_sekretrin
en_man de_mann
en_father de_vater
en_beach de_strand
en_island de_insel
en_story de_geschichte
en_topic de_thema
en_game de_spiel
en_fun de_spa
en_weekend de_wochenende
en_week de_woche
en_couple de_prchen
en_pair de_paar
en_woman de_frau
en_wife de_ehefrau
en_sheep de_schaf
en_cattle de_vieh
en_purse de_geldbeutel
en_bag de_tasche
en_ceiling de_decke
en_cathedral de_kathedrale
en_bean de_bohne
en_coffee de_kaffee
en_wood de_holz
en_paper de_papier
en_top de_oberseite
en_side de_seite
en_crime de_vergehen
en_fraud de_betrug
en_pain de_schmerz
en_harm de_schaden
en_lover de_liebhaber
en_companion de_gefhrte
en_evening de_abend
en_dusk de_abenddmmerung
en_father de_vater
en_daughter de_tochter
en_wine de_wein
en_liquor de_likr
en_cow de_kuh
en_goat de_ziege
en_belief de_glaube
en_opinion de_meinung
en_reality de_wirklichkeit
en_illusion de_illusion
en_pact de_vertrag
en_agreement de_vereinbarung
en_wealth de_reichtum
en_poverty de_armut
en_accident de_unfall
en_emergency de_notfall
en_battle de_schlacht
en_conquest de_eroberung
en_friend de_freund
en_teacher de_lehrer
en_illness de_erkrankung
en_infection de_ansteckung
en_game de_spiel
en_trick de_finte
en_brother de_bruder
en_son de_sohn
en_aunt de_tante
en_nephew de_neffe
en_worker de_arbeiter
en_mechanic de_mechaniker
en_doctor de_arzt
en_orthodontist de_kieferorthopde
en_oak de_eiche
en_maple de_ahorn
en_bee de_biene
en_queen de_knigin
en_car de_auto
en_bicycle de_fahrrad
en_goal de_ziel
en_quest de_streben
en_august de_august
en_month de_monat
en_army de_armee
en_squad de_truppe
en_cloud de_wolke
en_weather de_wetter
en_physician de_mediziner
en_doctor de_arzt
en_canyon de_schlucht
en_valley de_tal
en_river de_fluss
en_valley de_tal
en_sun de_sonne
en_sky de_himmel
en_target de_zielscheibe
en_arrow de_pfeil
en_chocolate de_schokolade
en_pie de_torte
en_circumstance de_umstand
en_situation de_lage
en_opinion de_meinung
en_choice de_wahl
en_rhythm de_rhythmus
en_melody de_melodie
en_gut de_darm
en_nerve de_nerv
en_day de_tag
en_dawn de_morgendmmerung
en_cattle de_vieh
en_beef de_rindfleisch
en_doctor de_arzt
en_professor de_professor
en_arm de_arm
en_vein de_vene
en_room de_zimmer
en_bath de_bad
en_corporation de_unternehmen
en_business de_geschft
en_fun de_spa
en_football de_fuball
en_hill de_hgel
en_cliff de_klippe
en_bone de_knochen
en_ankle de_knchel
en_apple de_apfel
en_candy de_sigkeit
en_helper de_helfer
en_maid de_haushelferin
en_leader de_leiter
en_manager de_manager
en_lemon de_zitrone
en_tea de_tee
en_bee de_biene
en_ant de_ameise
en_basketball de_basketball
en_baseball de_baseball
en_rice de_reis
en_bean de_bohne
en_bed de_bett
en_furniture de_mbel
en_emotion de_gefhlsregung
en_passion de_leidenschaft
en_anarchy de_anarchie
en_chaos de_chaos
en_crime de_verbrechen
en_violation de_bertretung
en_machine de_machine
en_engine de_antrieb
en_beach de_strand
en_sea de_meer
en_alley de_gasse
en_bowl de_schssel
en_jar de_krug
en_bottle de_flasche
en_strength de_kraft
en_capability de_fhigkeit
en_seed de_samen
en_mustard de_senf
en_guitar de_gitarre
en_drum de_trommel
en_opinion de_meinung
en_idea de_idee
en_north de_norden
en_west de_westen
en_diet de_dit
en_salad de_salat
en_mother de_mutter
en_wife de_ehefrau
en_dad de_papa
en_mother de_mutter
en_captain de_kapitn
en_sailor de_seemann
en_meter de_meter
en_yard de_yard
en_beer de_bier
en_champagne de_champagner
en_motor de_motor
en_boat de_boot
en_card de_karte
en_bridge de_bridge
en_science de_wissenschaft
en_psychology de_psychologie
en_sinner de_snder
en_saint de_heiliger
en_destruction de_abbau
en_construction de_aufbau
en_crowd de_menge
en_bunch de_haufen
en_beach de_strand
en_reef de_riff
en_man de_mann
en_child de_kind
en_bread de_brot
en_cheese de_kse
en_champion de_meister
en_winner de_gewinner
en_celebration de_feier
en_ceremony de_zeremonie
en_menu de_speisekarte
en_order de_bestellung
en_king de_knig
en_princess de_prinzessin
en_wealth de_reichtum
en_prestige de_ansehen
en_endurance de_ausdauer
en_strength de_kraft
en_danger de_gefahr
en_threat de_bedrohung
en_god de_gott
en_priest de_priester
en_men de_mnner
en_fraternity de_brderlichkeit
en_buddy de_kumpel
en_companion de_gefhrte
en_teacher de_lehrer
en_helper de_helfer
en_body de_krper
en_stomach de_bauch
en_tongue de_zunge
en_throat de_kehle
en_house de_haus
en_carpet de_teppich
en_intelligence de_intelligenz
en_skill de_geschick
en_journey de_reise
en_conquest de_eroberung
en_god de_gott
en_prey de_beute
en_brother de_bruder
en_soul de_seele
en_adversary de_widersacher
en_opponent de_gegener
en_death de_tod
en_catastrophe de_katastrophe
en_monster de_moster
en_demon de_dmon
en_day de_tag
en_morning de_morgen
en_man de_mann
en_victor de_sieger
en_friend de_freund
en_guy de_kumpan
en_song de_lied
en_story de_geschichte
en_ray de_strahl
en_sunshine de_sonnenschein
en_guy de_kerl
en_stud de_hengst
en_chicken de_hhnchen
en_rice de_reis
en_box de_kasten
en_elevator de_aufzug
en_butter de_butter
en_potato de_kartoffel
en_apartment de_wohnung
en_furniture de_mbel
en_lake de_see
en_swamp de_moor
en_salad de_salat
en_vinegar de_essig
en_flower de_blume
en_bulb de_knolle
en_cloud de_wolke
en_mist de_dunst
en_driver de_fahrer
en_pilot de_pilot
en_sugar de_zucker
en_honey de_honig
en_body de_krper
en_shoulder de_schulter
en_idea de_idee
en_image de_abbild
en_father de_vater
en_brother de_bruder
en_moon de_mond
en_planet de_planet
en_ball de_ball
en_costume de_kostm
en_rail de_gleis
en_fence de_zaun
en_room de_zimmer
en_bed de_bett
en_flower de_blume
en_bush de_busch
en_bone de_knochen
en_knee de_knie
en_arm de_arm
en_knee de_knie
en_bottom de_unterseite
en_side de_seite
en_vessel de_gef
en_vein de_vene
en_cat de_katze
en_rabbit de_hase
en_meat de_fleisch
en_sandwich de_sandwich
en_belief de_glaube
en_concept de_konzept
en_intelligence de_intelligenz
en_insight de_einsicht
en_attention de_aufmerksamkeit
en_interest de_interesse
en_attitude de_haltung
en_confidence de_selbstsicherheit
en_right de_recht
en_justice de_gerechtigkeit
en_argument de_streit
en_agreement de_vereinbarung
en_depth de_tiefe
en_magnitude de_ausma
en_medium de_medium
en_news de_nachrichten
en_winner de_gewinner
en_candidate de_kandidat
en_birthday de_geburtstag
en_date de_datum
en_fee de_gebhr
en_payment de_bezahlung
en_bible de_bibel
en_hymn de_hymne
en_exit de_ausgang
en_doorway de_eingang
en_man de_mann
en_sentry de_wache
en_aisle de_gang
en_hall de_halle
en_whiskey de_whiskey
en_gin de_gin
en_blood de_blut
en_marrow de_mark
en_oil de_l
en_mink de_nerz
en_floor de_schiffsboden
en_deck de_schiffsdeck
en_roof de_dach
en_floor de_boden
en_door de_tre
en_floor de_boden
en_shoulder de_schulter
en_head de_kopf
en_wagon de_wagen
en_carriage de_kutsche
en_car de_auto
en_carriage de_kutsche
en_elbow de_ellenbogen
en_ankle de_knchel
en_wealth de_reichtum
en_fame de_ruhm
en_sorrow de_sorge
en_shame de_scham
en_administration de_verwaltung
en_management de_geschftsfhrung
en_communication de_verstndigung
en_conversation de_unterhaltung
en_pollution de_verschmutzung
en_atmosphere de_atmosphre
en_anatomy de_anatomie
en_biology de_biologie
en_college de_hochschule
en_profession de_beruf
en_book de_buch
en_topic de_thema
en_formula de_formel
en_equation de_gleichung
en_book de_buch
en_information de_information
en_boy de_junge
en_partner de_partner
en_sky de_himmel
en_universe de_universum
en_population de_bevlkerung
en_people de_menschen
en_college de_hochschule
en_class de_klasse
en_chief de_chef
en_mayor de_brgermeister
en_rabbi de_rabbi
en_minister de_minister
en_meter de_meter
en_inch de_inch
en_polyester de_polyester
en_cotton de_baumwolle
en_lawyer de_rechtsanwalt
en_banker de_bankier
en_violin de_geige
en_instrument de_instrument
en_camp de_lager
en_cabin de_htte
en_pot de_topf
en_appliance de_haushaltsgert
en_linen de_leinen
en_fabric de_gewebe
en_whiskey de_whiskey
en_champagne de_champagner
en_girl de_mdchen
en_child de_kind
en_cottage de_htte
en_cabin de_huschen
en_bird de_vogel
en_hen de_henne
en_racket de_rakete
en_noise de_lrm
en_sunset de_sonnenuntergang
en_evening de_abend
en_drizzle de_nieselregen
en_rain de_regen
en_adult de_erwachsener
en_baby de_baby
en_charcoal de_holzkohle
en_coal de_kohle
en_body de_krper
en_spine de_rckgrat
en_head de_kopf
en_nail de_nagel
en_log de_holzblock
en_timber de_bauholz
en_spoon de_lffel
en_cup de_tasse
en_body de_krper
en_nerve de_nerv
en_man de_mann
en_husband de_ehemann
en_bone de_knochen
en_neck de_genick
en_frustration de_frust
en_anger de_zorn
en_river de_fluss
en_sea de_meer
en_task de_aufgabe
en_job de_beruf
en_club de_club
en_society de_verein
en_reflection de_spiegelung
en_image de_spiegelbild
en_prince de_prinz
en_king de_knig
en_snow de_schnee
en_weather de_wetter
en_people de_leute
en_party de_party
en_boy de_junge
en_brother de_bruder
en_root de_wurzel
en_grass de_gras
en_brow de_braue
en_eye de_auge
en_money de_geld
en_pearl de_perle
en_money de_geld
en_diamond de_diamand
en_vehicle de_gefhrt
en_bus de_bus
en_cab de_taxi
en_bus de_bus
en_house de_haus
en_barn de_baracke
en_finger de_finger
en_palm de_handflche
en_car de_auto
en_bridge de_brcke
en_effort de_anstrengung
en_difficulty de_schwierigkeit
en_fact de_tatsache
en_insight de_einsicht
en_job de_beruf
en_management de_unternehmensleitung
en_cancer de_krebs
en_sickness de_krankheit
en_word de_wort
en_newspaper de_zeitung
en_composer de_komponist
en_writer de_schriftsteller
en_actor de_schauspieler
en_singer de_snger
en_shelter de_unterschlupf
en_hut de_htte
en_bathroom de_badezimmer
en_kitchen de_kche
en_cabin de_htte
en_hut de_baracke
en_door de_tre
en_kitchen de_kche
en_value de_wert
en_belief de_glaube
en_wisdom de_weisheit
en_intelligence de_intelligenz
en_ignorance de_unwissen
en_intelligence de_intelligenz
en_happiness de_glckseligkeit
en_luck de_glck
en_idea de_idee
en_scheme de_plan
en_mood de_laune
en_emotion de_gefhlsregung
en_happiness de_glckseligkeit
en_peace de_frieden
en_despair de_verzweiflung
en_misery de_unglck
en_logic de_logik
en_arithmetic de_arithmetik
en_denial de_leugnung
en_confession de_gestndnis
en_argument de_streit
en_criticism de_kritik
en_aggression de_agression
en_hostility de_feindseligkeit
en_hysteria de_hysterie
en_confusion de_verwirrung
en_chemistry de_chemie
en_theory de_theorie
en_trial de_gerichtsverfahren
en_verdict de_urteil
en_comfort de_bequemlichkeit
en_safety de_sicherheit
en_confidence de_selbstsicherheit
en_self de_selbst
en_vision de_sicht
en_perception de_wahrnehmung
en_era de_ra
en_decade de_jahrzehnt
en_biography de_biographie
en_fiction de_fiktion
en_discussion de_auseinandersetzung
en_argument de_streit
en_code de_code
en_symbol de_symbol
en_danger de_gefahr
en_disease de_krankheit
en_accident de_unfall
en_catastrophe de_katastrophe
en_journey de_reise
en_trip de_ausflug
en_activity de_ttigkeit
en_movement de_bewegung
en_gossip de_klatsch
en_news de_nachrichten
en_father de_vater
en_god de_gott
en_action de_tat
en_course de_verlauf
en_fever de_fieber
en_illness de_erkrankung
en_aviation de_luftfahrt
en_flight de_flug
en_game de_spiel
en_action de_zug
en_molecule de_molekl
en_air de_luft
en_home de_heimat
en_state de_staat
en_word de_wort
en_literature de_literatur
en_adult de_erwachsener
en_guardian de_beschtzer
en_newspaper de_zeitung
en_information de_information
en_communication de_verstndigung
en_television de_fernsehen
en_cousin de_cousin
en_uncle de_onkel
en_author de_autor
en_reader de_leser
en_guy de_kumpan
en_partner de_partner
en_area de_gebiet
en_corner de_ecke
en_ballad de_ballade
en_song de_lied
en_wall de_wand
en_decoration de_schmuck
en_word de_wort
en_page de_seite
en_nurse de_krankenschwester
en_scientist de_wissenschaftler
en_politician de_politiker
en_president de_prsident
en_president de_prsident
en_mayor de_brgermeister
en_book de_buch
en_essay de_aufsatz
en_man de_mann
en_warrior de_krieger
en_article de_artikel
en_journal de_zeitschrift
en_breakfast de_frhstck
en_supper de_abendmahl
en_crowd de_menge
en_parade de_parade
en_aisle de_gang
en_hallway de_flur
en_teacher de_lehrer
en_rabbi de_rabbi
en_hip de_hfte
en_lip de_lippe
en_book de_buch
en_article de_artikel
en_room de_zimmer
en_cell de_zelle
en_box de_kasten
en_booth de_bude
en_daughter de_tochter
en_kid de_kind
en_limb de_extremitt
en_leg de_bein
en_liver de_leber
en_lung de_lunge
en_classroom de_klassenzimmer
en_hallway de_gang
en_mountain de_berg
en_ledge de_felsvorsprung
en_car de_auto
en_elevator de_aufzug
en_bed de_bett
en_couch de_couch
en_clothes de_kleidung
en_button de_knopf
en_clothes de_kleidung
en_coat de_mantel
en_kidney de_niere
en_organ de_organ
en_apple de_apfel
en_sauce de_soe
en_chicken de_huhn
en_steak de_steak
en_car de_auto
en_hose de_schlauch
en_tobacco de_tabak
en_cigarette de_zigarette
en_student de_student
en_professor de_professor
en_baby de_baby
en_daughter de_tochter
en_pipe de_pfeife
en_cigar de_zigarre
en_milk de_milch
en_juice de_saft
en_box de_schachtel
en_cigar de_zigarre
en_apartment de_apartment
en_hotel de_hotel
en_cup de_becher
en_cone de_waffel
en_horse de_pferd
en_ox de_ochse
en_throat de_kehle
en_nose de_nase
en_bone de_knochen
en_teeth de_zhne
en_bone de_knochen
en_elbow de_ellenbogen
en_bacon de_speck
en_bean de_bohne
en_cup de_tasse
en_jar de_krug
en_proof de_beweis
en_fact de_tatsache
en_appointment de_vereinbarung
en_engagement de_verabredung
en_birthday de_geburtstag
en_year de_jahr
en_word de_wort
en_clue de_hinweis
en_author de_autor
en_creator de_schpfer
en_atom de_atom
en_carbon de_kohlenstoff
en_archbishop de_erzbischof
en_bishop de_bischof
en_letter de_brief
en_paragraph de_absatz
en_page de_seite
en_paragraph de_absatz
en_steeple de_kirchturm
en_chapel de_kapelle
en_muscle de_muskel
en_bone de_knochen
en_muscle de_muskel
en_tongue de_zunge
en_boy de_junge
en_soldier de_soldat
en_belly de_bauch
en_abdomen de_unterleib
en_guy de_kerl
en_girl de_mdchen
en_bed de_bett
en_chair de_stuhl
en_clothes de_kleidung
en_jacket de_jacke
en_gun de_pistole
en_knife de_messer
en_tin de_blech
en_metal de_metall
en_bottle de_flasche
en_container de_behlter
en_hen de_henne
en_turkey de_truthahn
en_meat de_fleisch
en_bread de_brot
en_arm de_arm
en_bone de_knochen
en_neck de_genick
en_spine de_rckgrat
en_apple de_apfel
en_lemon de_zitrone
en_agony de_leiden
en_grief de_trauer
en_assignment de_auftrag
en_task de_aufgabe
en_night de_nacht
en_dawn de_dmmerung
en_dinner de_abendessen
en_soup de_suppe
en_calf de_kalb
en_bull de_bulle
en_snow de_schnee
en_storm de_sturm
en_nail de_nagel
en_hand de_hand
en_dog de_hund
en_horse de_pferd
en_arm de_arm
en_neck de_genick
en_ball de_ball
en_glove de_handschuh
en_flu de_grippe
en_fever de_fieber
en_fee de_gebhr
en_salary de_gehalt
en_nerve de_nerv
en_brain de_gehirn
en_beast de_biest
en_animal de_tier
en_dinner de_abendessen
en_chicken de_huhn
en_girl de_mdchen
en_maid de_zimmermdchen
en_child de_kind
en_boy de_junge
en_alcohol de_alkohol
en_wine de_wein
en_nose de_nase
en_mouth de_mund
en_street de_strae
en_car de_auto
en_bell de_glocke
en_door de_tre
en_box de_schachtel
en_hat de_hut
en_belief de_glaube
en_impression de_eindruck
en_bias de_vorurteil
en_opinion de_meinung
en_attention de_aufmerksamkeit
en_awareness de_bewusstsein
en_anger de_zorn
en_mood de_laune
en_elegance de_eleganz
en_style de_stil
en_beauty de_schnheit
en_age de_alter
en_book de_buch
en_theme de_thematik
en_friend de_freund
en_mother de_mutter
en_vitamin de_vitamin
en_iron de_eisen
en_car de_auto
en_factory de_fabrik
en_pact de_vertrag
en_condition de_bedingung
en_chapter de_kapitel
en_choice de_wahl
en_arithmetic de_arithmetik
en_rhythm de_rhythmus
en_winner de_gewinner
en_presence de_anwesenheit
en_belief de_glaube
en_flower de_blume
en_winner de_gewinner
en_goal de_ziel
en_trick de_trick
en_size de_gre
en_choice de_wahl
en_vein de_neigung
en_hymn de_hymne
en_conquest de_eroberung
en_endurance de_ausdauer
en_band de_kapelle
en_jail de_gefngnis
en_choice de_wahl
en_condition de_bedingung
en_boy de_junge
en_flower de_blume
en_endurance de_ausdauer
en_hole de_loch
en_agreement de_vereinbarung
en_doctor de_arzt
en_temper de_temperament
en_fraternity de_bderlichkeit
en_door de_tre
en_task de_aufgabe
en_woman de_frau
en_fraternity de_brderlichkeit
en_baseball de_baseball
en_cent de_cent
en_size de_gre
en_presence de_anwesenheit
en_door de_tre
en_mouse de_maus
en_management de_leitung
en_task de_aufgabe
en_highway de_autobahn
en_liquor de_likr
en_century de_jahrhundert
en_task de_aufgabe
en_straw de_strohhalm
en_island de_insel
en_task de_aufgabe
en_night de_nacht
en_chapter de_kapitel
en_pollution de_verschmutzung
en_president de_prsident
en_gun de_pistole
en_trick de_finte
en_bath de_bad
en_trick de_finte
en_diet de_dit
en_apple de_apfel
en_cent de_cent
en_wife de_ehefrau
en_chapter de_kapitel
en_tail de_schwanz
en_course de_verlauf
en_stomach de_bauch
en_hymn de_hymne
en_straw de_strohhalm
en_dentist de_zahnarzt
en_colonel de_oberst
en_wife de_ehefrau
en_straw de_strohhalm
en_hole de_loch
en_wife de_ehefrau
en_pupil de_schler
en_president de_prsident
en_bath de_bad
en_wife de_ehefrau
en_people de_leute
en_cent de_cent
en_formula de_formel
en_log de_holzscheit
en_woman de_frau
en_fur de_pelz
en_apple de_apfel
en_sunshine de_sonnenschein
en_gun de_pistole
en_dawn de_morgendmmerung
en_meal de_mahl
en_waist de_taille
en_camera de_kamera
en_president de_prsident
en_liquor de_likr
en_band de_kapelle
en_stomach de_bauch
en_vein de_vene
en_gun de_pistole
en_fur de_pelz
en_couch de_couch
en_baseball de_baseball
en_worker de_arbeiter
en_camera de_kamera
en_deck de_deck
en_mouse de_maus
en_rice de_reis
en_boy de_junge
en_people de_leute
en_gun de_pistole
en_cliff de_klippe
en_tail de_schwanz
en_ankle de_winkel
en_window de_fenster
en_princess de_prinzessin
en_island de_insel
en_container de_behlter
en_mouse de_maus
en_wagon de_waggon
en_container de_container
en_people de_leute
en_balloon de_ballon
en_dollar de_dollar
en_people de_leute
en_bath de_bad
en_balloon de_ballon
en_stomach de_bauch
en_bedroom de_schlafzimmer
en_bicycle de_fahrrad
en_bedroom de_schlafzimmer
en_log de_holzscheit
en_bath de_bad
en_bowl de_schale
en_tail de_schwanz
en_go de_gehen
en_come de_kommen
en_take de_nehmen
en_steal de_stehlen
en_listen de_zuhren
en_hear de_hren
en_think de_denken
en_rationalize de_rationalisieren
en_occur de_vorkommen
en_happen de_passieren
en_vanish de_vergehen
en_disappear de_verschwinden
en_multiply de_vermehren
en_divide de_teilen
en_plead de_bitten
en_beg de_betteln
en_begin de_beginnen
en_originate de_entstehen
en_protect de_beschtzen
en_defend de_verteidigen
en_kill de_tten
en_destroy de_zerstren
en_create de_erschaffen
en_make de_anfertigen
en_accept de_annehmen
en_reject de_ablehnen
en_ignore de_bergehen
en_avoid de_vermeiden
en_carry de_tragen
en_bring de_bringen
en_leave de_verlassens
en_enter de_eintreten
en_choose de_auswhlen
en_elect de_whlen
en_lose de_verlieren
en_fail de_scheitern
en_encourage de_ermutigen
en_discourage de_entmutigen
en_achieve de_erreichen
en_accomplish de_vollenden
en_make de_anfertigen
en_construct de_erbauen
en_listen de_hren
en_obey de_gehorchen
en_inform de_mitteilen
en_notify de_benachrichtigen
en_receive de_erhalten
en_give de_geben
en_borrow de_ausleihen
en_beg de_betteln
en_take de_nehmen
en_obtain de_aneignen
en_advise de_raten
en_recommend de_empfehlen
en_imitate de_nachahmen
en_portray de_verkrpern
en_win de_gewinnen
en_succeed de_gelingen
en_think de_denken
en_decide de_entscheiden
en_greet de_gren
en_meet de_treffen
en_agree de_zustimmen
en_argue de_bestreiten
en_enjoy de_genieen
en_entertain de_unterhalten
en_destroy de_zerstren
en_make de_anfertigen
en_save de_retten
en_protect de_beschtzen
en_give de_geben
en_lend de_leihen
en_understand de_verstehen
en_know de_wissen
en_take de_nehmen
en_receive de_erhalten
en_accept de_einsehen
en_acknowledge de_anerkennen
en_decide de_entscheiden
en_choose de_auswhlen
en_accept de_annehmen
en_believe de_glauben
en_keep de_behalten
en_possess de_besitzen
en_roam de_durchstreifen
en_wander de_wandern
en_succeed de_gelingen
en_fail de_scheitern
en_spend de_ausgeben
en_save de_sparen
en_leave de_verlassen
en_go de_gehen
en_come de_kommen
en_attend de_beiwohnen
en_know de_wissen
en_believe de_glauben
en_gather de_versammeln
en_meet de_treffen
en_make de_anfertigen
en_earn de_verdienen
en_forget de_vergessen
en_ignore de_missachten
en_multiply de_vermehren
en_add de_hinzufgen
en_shrink de_schrumpfen
en_grow de_wachsen
en_arrive de_ankommen
en_leave de_verlassen
en_succeed de_gelingen
en_try de_versuchen
en_accept de_annehmen
en_deny de_verweigern
en_arrive de_ankommen
en_come de_kommen
en_agree de_zustimmen
en_differ de_abweichen
en_send de_schicken
en_receive de_erhalten
en_win de_gewinnen
en_dominate de_dominieren
en_add de_hinzufgen
en_divide de_teilen
en_kill de_tten
en_choke de_erdrosseln
en_acquire de_erwerben
en_get de_bekommen
en_participate de_teilnehmen
en_join de_beitreten
en_leave de_verlassen
en_remain de_zurckbleiben
en_go de_gehen
en_enter de_eintreten
en_take de_nehmen
en_carry de_tragen
en_forget de_vergessen
en_learn de_lernen
en_appoint de_ernennen
en_elect de_whlen
en_engage de_verloben
en_marry de_heiraten
en_ask de_fragen
en_pray de_beten
en_go de_gehen
en_send de_schicken
en_take de_nehmen
en_deliver de_berbringen
en_speak de_sprechen
en_hear de_hren
en_analyze de_auswerten
en_evaluate de_beurteilen
en_argue de_behaupten
en_rationalize de_rationalisieren
en_lose de_verlieren
en_keep de_behalten
en_compare de_vergleichen
en_analyze de_auswerten
en_disorganize de_durcheinanderbringen
en_organize de_ordnen
en_go de_gehen
en_allow de_erlauben
en_take de_nehmen
en_possess de_besitzen
en_learn de_lernen
en_listen de_zuhren
en_destroy de_zerstren
en_construct de_erbauen
en_create de_erschaffen
en_build de_bauen
en_steal de_stehlen
en_buy de_kaufen
en_kill de_tten
en_hang de_erhngen
en_forget de_vergessen
en_know de_wissen
en_create de_erschaffen
en_imagine de_vorstellen
en_do de_tun
en_happen de_passieren
en_win de_gewinnen
en_accomplish de_erreichen
en_give de_geben
en_deny de_verweigern
en_deserve de_verdienen
en_earn de_einnehmen
en_get de_bekommen
en_put de_legen
en_locate de_verorten
en_find de_finden
en_appear de_erscheinen
en_attend de_beiwohnen
en_know de_wissen
en_comprehend de_begreifen
en_pretend de_vorgeben
en_imagine de_vorstellen
en_satisfy de_befriedigen
en_please de_zufriedenstellen
en_cherish de_hegen
en_keep de_behalten
en_argue de_behaupten
en_differ de_abweichen
en_overcome de_berwinden
en_dominate de_dominieren
en_behave de_benehmen
en_obey de_gehorchen
en_cooperate de_zusammenarbeiten
en_participate de_teilnehmen
en_achieve de_erreichen
en_try de_versuchen
en_fail de_scheitern
en_discourage de_entmutigen
en_begin de_beginnen
en_quit de_aufhren
en_say de_sagen
en_participate de_teilnehmen
en_come de_kommen
en_bring de_bringen
en_declare de_verknden
en_announce de_ankndigen
en_read de_lesen
en_comprehend de_begreifen
en_take de_nehmen
en_leave de_zurcklassen
en_proclaim de_ausrufen
en_announce de_ankndigen
en_acquire de_erwerben
en_obtain de_erlangen
en_conclude de_folgern
en_decide de_entscheiden
en_please de_zufriedenstellen
en_plead de_anflehen
en_argue de_behaupten
en_prove de_beweisen
en_ask de_fragen
en_plead de_anflehen
en_find de_finden
en_disappear de_verschwinden
en_inspect de_prfen
en_examine de_berprfen
en_verify de_versichern
en_justify de_rechtfertigen
en_assume de_mutmaen
en_predict de_voraussagen
en_learn de_lernen
en_evaluate de_beurteilen
en_argue de_behaupten
en_justify de_rechtfertigen
en_make de_anfertigen
en_become de_werden
en_discover de_entdecken
en_originate de_entstehen
en_achieve de_erreichen
en_succeed de_gelingen
en_give de_geben
en_put de_stellen
en_understand de_verstehen
en_listen de_zuhren
en_expand de_ausdehnen
en_grow de_wachsen
en_borrow de_ausleihen
en_sell de_verkaufen
en_keep de_behalten
en_protect de_beschtzen
en_explain de_erklren
en_prove de_beweisen
en_assume de_mutmaen
en_pretend de_vorgeben
en_agree de_zustimmen
en_please de_zufriedenstellen
en_forgive de_vergeben
en_forget de_vergessen
en_clarify de_klren
en_explain de_erklren
en_understand de_verstehen
en_forgive de_vergeben
en_remind de_erinnern
en_forget de_vergessen
en_get de_bekommen
en_remain de_zurckbleiben
en_realize de_erkennen
en_discover de_entdecken
en_require de_bentigen
en_inquire de_nachforschen
en_ignore de_bergehen
en_ask de_fragen
en_think de_denken
en_inquire de_erkundigen
en_reject de_ablehnen
en_avoid de_vermeiden
en_argue de_behaupten
en_persuade de_berzeugen
en_pursue de_verfolgen
en_persuade de_berzeugen
en_accept de_einsehen
en_forgive de_vergeben
en_do de_tun
en_quit de_aufhren
en_investigate de_untersuchen
en_examine de_berprfen
en_discuss de_debattieren
en_explain de_erklren
en_owe de_schulden
en_lend de_ausleihen
en_explore de_erkunden
en_discover de_entdecken
en_complain de_beschweren
en_argue de_behaupten
en_withdraw de_zurckziehen
en_reject de_ablehnen
en_keep de_behalten
en_borrow de_ausleihen
en_beg de_betteln
en_ask de_fragen
en_arrange de_anordnen
en_organize de_gliedern
en_reduce de_verringern
en_shrink de_schrumpfen
en_speak de_sprechen
en_acknowledge de_anerkennen
en_give de_geben
en_borrow de_ausleihen
en_kill de_tten
en_defend de_verteidigen
en_disappear de_verschwinden
en_shrink de_schrumpfen
en_deliver de_berbringen
en_carry de_tragen
en_breathe de_atmen
en_choke de_ersticken
en_acknowledge de_anerkennen
en_notify de_benachrichtigen
en_become de_werden
en_seem de_scheinen
en_pretend de_vorgeben
en_seem de_scheinen
en_accomplish de_vollenden
en_become de_werden
en_contemplate de_nachsinnen
en_think de_denken
en_determine de_festlegen
en_predict de_vorhersagen
en_please de_zufriedenstellen
en_entertain de_unterhalten
en_remain de_bleiben
en_retain de_zurckhalten
en_pretend de_vorgeben
en_portray de_verkrpern
en_forget de_vergessen
en_retain de_beibehalten
en_want de_wollen
en_choose de_aussuchen
en_lose de_verlieren
en_get de_bekommen
en_try de_versuchen
en_think de_denken
en_become de_werden
en_appear de_auftauchen
en_leave de_verlassen
en_ignore de_bergehen
en_accept de_annehmen
en_recommend de_empfehlen
en_leave de_zurcklassen
en_wander de_wandern
en_keep de_behalten
en_give de_geben
en_give de_geben
en_allow de_erlauben
en_bring de_bringen
en_send de_schicken
en_absorb de_aufnehmen
en_learn de_lernen
en_acquire de_erlangen
en_find de_finden
en_leave de_verlassen
en_appear de_auftauchen
en_create de_erschaffen
en_destroy de_zerstren
en_begin de_anfangen
en_go de_gehen
en_get de_bekommen
en_buy de_kaufen
en_collect de_sammeln
en_save de_aufbewahren
en_replace de_ersetzen
en_restore de_wiederherstellen
en_join de_zusammenfgen
en_add de_hinzufgen
en_join de_vereinigen
en_marry de_heiraten
en_accept de_annehmen
en_deliver de_ausliefern
en_attach de_anfgen
en_join de_zusammenfgen
en_put de_stellen
en_hang de_aufhngen
en_go de_gehen
en_sell de_verkaufen
en_communicate de_mitteilen
en_pray de_beten
en_give de_geben
en_steal de_stehlen
en_add de_hinzufgen
en_build de_bauen
en_bring de_bringen
en_restore de_wiederherstellen
en_comprehend de_begreifen
en_satisfy de_befriedigen
en_portray de_verkrpern
en_decide de_entscheiden
en_organize de_gliedern
en_become de_werden
en_give de_geben
en_know de_wissen
en_say de_sagen
en_verify de_bewahrheiten
en_cooperate de_zusammenarbeiten
en_join de_beitreten
en_arrange de_anordnen
en_require de_verlangen
en_borrow de_ausleihen
en_want de_wollen
en_investigate de_untersuchen
en_pursue de_nachgehen
en_ignore de_bergehen
en_explore de_erkunden
en_bring de_bringen
en_complain de_beschweren
en_enter de_eintreten
en_owe de_schulden
en_portray de_verkrpern
en_notify de_benachrichtigen
en_remind de_erinnern
en_sell de_verkaufen
en_absorb de_aufnehmen
en_possess de_besitzen
en_join de_beitreten
en_acquire de_erwerben
en_send de_schicken
en_attend de_beiwohnen
en_gather de_versammeln
en_attend de_beiwohnen
en_absorb de_aufnehmen
en_withdraw de_zurckziehen
en_attend de_beiwohnen
en_arrive de_ankommen
